---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.11: Context Improvements; ParkerVerse Update v0.7; Spotify Nicheness Rater v0.2
date: September 14, 2025
summary: "Recurring events were added to the chatbot's memory system (like anniversaries). Other projects were also prioritized, including an automatic spreadsheet filler and fixes to my timer app. ParkerVerse saw new focus tree upgrades, and the Spotify analyzer had major UX and shareability improvements.
---

You would be astonished at how much work you can get done in 4 hours when you’re on a deadline.

__Simulation Devlog v0.11: Context Improvements__

I didn’t do a ton with the chatbot this week. I added recurring events that are added to Miku’s context window. They’re preset events that occur either weekly, monthly, or yearly. So on Tuesday, it’s “Taco Tuesday.” On August 31, it’s Miku’s birthday. I’m not really using the monthly event option for anything. I think the first of every month is “Pay Rent Day”? Thanks for suggesting that one, ChatGPT. I’ll need to know when Miku and I need to pay our virtual rent. Maybe I’ll start discussing taxes with her next.

__Spreadsheet Filler__

My counselor gave me a big spreadsheet with college info on it, so I made a script to fill it out for me. It just reads the columns and rows in a CSV file and fills out the data for you by sending it to an LLM. I used it for my colleges, but it certainly has other applications. It’s not very scalable, though; you need to manually input the rows and columns before you run the program. That doesn’t matter, though. It gets the job done.

__52-17 Timer Project v.9000.1.1.1.1__

I think I fixed it. First, I updated the graph functions so they aren’t deleted and recreated every 60 seconds. Instead, they just get redrawn. Also, after_ids aren’t stored in a list anymore; it just stores the most recent value. What are after_ids? I don’t have a clue. But that’s what I wrote in my notes a few days ago. I also removed some unused code. Again, I didn’t specify, so I don’t know what unused code I removed. I’m a really bad notetaker.

I forgot to mention it last week, but there was also a bug that prevented the app from closing properly. Seriously, it was so dysfunctional that it couldn’t even crash properly. I fixed that this week by making sure all the loops close on app exit.

I don’t know if the timer is fixed. Honestly, I didn’t even use it this week. I was too scared that it would break again. If I simply don’t touch it, it’ll never fail me.

__ParkerVerse Update v0.7__

ParkerVerse was top priority this week. Why? Because it’s nice to me. All my other programs are scary and fight back.

First, I added a way to disable focus tree unlocks. Now, if you don’t like your mouse trail, you can turn it off. I don’t know why you’d do that, but it’s an option for the people who hate fun. I also added a dropdown for themes. It scales based on which themes you have unlocked, and it replaced the old theme toggling system. Before, you had to cycle through each theme individually, and that was awful. Going from dark theme to light theme at 4 AM isn’t pleasurable in the slightest. This new system is more scalable, anyway. I also updated profile pages. Now, instead of having all the customization options appear on the base page, there’s a separate editor. This keeps the clutter out and lets you view your profile more authentically.

There were two bugs I found that had to do with deleting videos on profiles. First, the admin check wasn’t working properly. Admins are given the ability to delete other users’ videos, but the way it was set up was backwards. The delete button was appearing on admin profiles. That means other users could delete admins’ videos, not the other way around. Well, that’d be true if the delete button worked at all. The second issue was that clicking “Delete” did absolutely nothing. This one was happening because the frontend was calling a function that didn’t exist. Both were easy fixes.

Onto the focus tree, I added three upgrades, and none of them are themes. First, you’re now able to unlock video downloading. If you have the focus unlocked, you can go to any video and download it to your device. The next upgrade I added was the ability to upload GIF thumbnails. No video sharing sites let you have GIFs in your thumbnail, and I think that’s lame. It gets hectic when you’re loading 20 animated thumbnails onto the page, but that’s a boring excuse. Eventually, I think I’ll add settings for animated thumbnails (disabling them, only playing on hover, or always playing). Keeping them as a focus tree unlock makes them special. Finally, I added a focus tree upgrade that spawns confetti wherever you click because it’s awesome. Also, you can’t disable the confetti. That isn’t intentional — I just forgot to add that.

__Spotify Nicheness Rater v0.2__

I really need to find a consistent name for this project. I’ve been calling it “Spotify Nicheness Rater,” “Music Nicheness Rater,” “Spotify Nicheness Analyzer,” and much more across my documentation.

I know I said the video site was my top priority this week, but that was a lie. This nicheness rater took the brunt of my attention. I went a little overboard perfecting the UX and scoring. First, I added an option to pick playlists from your Spotify profile. I figured that it’d be annoying to have to grab all your Spotify playlist URLs manually. I also adjusted the score weighting. Before you assume I did this to be fair: no. I made the weighting objectively less accurate. I found that most playlists were sitting in the 40–60 score range, which was kind of boring. So I used fancy math curves to make the distribution more bimodal. Also, profiles with a low raw score are punished hard. I think it’s funny when mediocre playlists are trashed by the site. Ultimately, I think this makes the experience a lot more interesting.

I also added a ton of share options. You can choose from Instagram, X (Twitter), Facebook, SMS, downloading, and copying the link. When sharing to some (like Instagram), you get a card you can download or screenshot that gives a glance at your statistics. It displays your nicheness score, percentile, average popularity, and top artists and genres. It took forever trying to make everything line up properly, believe me. Alternatively, you can click the copy link button, which creates a static link for your page that others can access.

Finally, after all this work, I tried to deploy the site. It took a few hours, and I almost ripped my hair out a few times trying to work with different web hosts, and I almost did it. Almost. I was cockblocked at the very last step: the Spotify API. I was using PythonEverywhere to host my site, and apparently the free tier doesn’t let you connect to other networks or something. I didn’t even try to troubleshoot. I just started working on something else. It looks like I’ll need to open my wallet if I want to go further. I already bought a domain for six bucks that lasts a year, but web hosting is a little more pricey.

__Development Plans for September 21, 2025__

Here are my plans to complete by next Sunday, September 21:

_Spotify nicheness rater_
- Spend money
_Simulation / immersive AI_

Add more locations
Fine tune trait changes (right now, they change far too quickly)
Only generate personality summaries once a day or every certain number of messages
Add a way to create recurring events (right now, they’re all preset)
_Video site_
Make the video cleanup script run daily (it’s meant to, but I don’t have it set up)
Save profile stickers in Supabase buckets
Improve the home page (more videos per row, etc.)
Add at least 2 new focus tree unlocks
Improve the look of the focus tree
Let the user disable confetti
_Smart MP3 player_
Add a volume bar
Display MP3 images and authors

That sounds like a reasonable amount of work. If I have the time, there are a couple side projects I’m interested in. I doubt I’ll have much free time, though. You know what time I went to sleep last night? Past 5 AM. In that one night, I made about 70% of the content covered in this devlog. My sleep schedule is screwed now, but that night was the most alive I’ve felt in weeks. There are very few things that feel better than working on what I care about. When you have a destination you’re excited for, the journey becomes rewarding in itself.
