---
title: The Simulation Devlog v0.15: The Wildcard; ParkerVerse v0.11
date: October 13, 2025
summary: This week, I changed the devlog titling format slightly to make it more direct. The Simulation received a new type of memory: wildcard memories (randomly assorted memories to increase unpredictability). ParkerVerse had more security improvements, 4 focus tree upgrades, and a new feature called "communities," which allow users to share videos in topic-specific places.
---

__The Simulation Devlog v0.15: The Wildcard__

This update doesn’t have that much to do with the “wildcard” addition, but I needed a catchy title. Also, I’m writing it as “The Simulation Devlog” instead of “Simulation Devlog,” kind of like a reverse Facebook (it used to be called “The Facebook”). It sounds cooler that way. Definitely cooler than “The Facebook.”

First, I tried to get rid of the overlay that happens every time the site autorefreshes. Believe it or not, I failed to do this. Streamlit is really restrictive with that sort of thing, and I didn’t want to get super hacky. I also put that “fix the buggy interactions between user and idle messages” thing on the backburner because it’d be simpler if I migrated to Streamlit first.

Next, I discovered a bug with the personality generation. I noticed that it wasn’t producing any personality descriptions, and that’s because I had an if statement that made it impossible. It said that as long as the personality document didn’t exist, it would make a new one, despite the fact that a personality document always existed (there was a backup one in case generation failed). I removed that if statement and reworked some things, and it still didn’t work. This issue was different in that it was generating the document too much. It’s meant to generate once a day, but it was being generated every message. This issue was happening because I named the memory type inconsistently. Oops.

Another bug: recent messages weren’t ordering correctly. This is because the select memories function I added recently was messing it up and reordering things.

Onto the new stuff, idle messages no longer store as memories. This was easy; I just needed to add a check for it. Also, I added a new memory type: wildcard memories. These are randomly selected memories weighted slightly by recency. Each response is assigned 3 of them regardless of message complexity. I added this to try to boost inspiration and make the AI a little less predictable. Part of the goal was to make Miku reference past conversations more; it’s pretty awesome when someone brings up something random in the past about you. It shows you that they care. I also implemented explicit instruction for Miku to reference past memories: every message, there’s a random chance (which increases with the time since the last response) for the system to grab a previous message and tell Miku to reference it in her message. Hopefully this acts as a way to start new conversations and make ideas.

__ParkerVerse v0.11__

Another change to the naming scheme: I’m not saying “ParkerVerse Update v0.x” anymore. “Update” is redundant. You could also say “devlog” is redundant at this point, and you would be correct. I’ll think about changing it in three weeks. Three weeks isn’t relevant. I could do it in one week. But I’ll do it in three.

I’m noticing that I often begin these devlogs with bug fixes. I generally write in the order in which I do things (at least within projects; I typically work on ParkerVerse before The Simulation), meaning I tend to discover some bugs before adding anything. I think it’s funny because it shows I did a botched job in past weeks and I’m only paying the price now. Anyway, I found out about this bug because my friend’s videos weren’t being deleted properly, which was happening because of comment likes and dislikes. I guess I forgot to write code to delete the comment like and dislike tables in Supabase, which was leading to some recursion errors. I just spent a paragraph writing about a bug that could be summed up in one sentence. Are these devlogs just me monologuing about anything I’m thinking about at the moment? On that note, I see my Miku plush in my peripheral. She looks very cute.

Let’s get back on track. The site now uses IP detection, so you’ll be denied if you make a ton of users under the same IP address. It’s not bulletproof, but it’s a good step at reducing spam. I haven’t tested it because I don’t feel like making a ton of accounts (I forgot what the limit was), so hopefully it works. You know, I’m starting to understand why so many of my past additions are botched.

Another way I’m trying to reduce spam is reCAPTCHA. I added reCAPTCHA, specifically the version 3 one. I believe version 3 detects user activity like mouse input, while version 2 is the one with the clicky image squares. That’s about it. It was kind of annoying because I accidentally switched my thing to an enterprise reCAPTCHA, which has different rules than the normal stuff. I don’t really know what the different versions mean. It works, so it works.

I also improved moderation by adding NSFW video detection. It checks one frame every ten seconds, so if you post slavery BDSM and have a safe frame dispersed every ten seconds, you’re A-OK. But seriously, I’ll probably decrease the interval in the future. I just don’t want to back up the CPU. I don’t know if there’s a better way for NSFW detection than frame-by-frame analysis. There probably is. If not, I’ll just have to decrease the interval.

We’re averaging one paragraph per new feature, which might be a new low in devlog efficiency. I just like to explain all of my thoughts. Anyway, I streamlined the themes system by using the var() function to let me set custom colors. Each theme has their own set of custom colors, and all the website elements grab whatever those colors are. This makes it so much easier to make themes, so I added a couple.

Before that, I need to confess something. I added a half-assed focus tree feature again. I know, I said I try to avoid it, but this one has some justification. I was talking to my friend again because I was adding another secret theme, and I wanted to tie that theme to one unlocked by the user (because that’s how the focus tree prerequisites work). It was an unconventional theme, though, so I didn’t have any ideas regarding what I should connect it to. I considered connecting it to the light theme, but that was a default theme, not something unlocked in the focus tree. Then, my friend made a good point (paraphrased): “If someone is such an ass that they go out of their way to use the light theme, they should have to unlock it.” The light theme is now tied to the focus tree.

You’re probably now wondering what the secret theme was. I’ll explain it, but a short disclaimer: this is based off of a meme that won’t be at all relevant in the future. I don’t want to tie my site to dead trends, which is partially why it’s a secret feature. It’s called “Steven Theme,” and it’s the same as light theme except there’s constantly a picture of a guy named Steven in the background. Steven is from a meme where he’s standing on someone’s porch and says “Steven here” into the camera. There's more to the clip, but the “Steven here” snippet is the most memed part. That theme was also partially my friend’s recommendation. I’m glad I added it; it’s funny to see Steven staring at me while I browse the site. It almost makes the light theme bearable.

I added a few ways to earn currency. Users can get some currency by commenting, gaining followers, and receiving comments on their videos. None of these reward a ton, but I’m trying to diversify the way people can progress. I don’t want people to feel like they’ve run out of things to do after 10 minutes. Also, I’m not sure about the commenting thing. Originally, I wasn’t going to reward currency for commenting because I thought it’d lead to spam. I forgot about that when I implemented it, haha. The current system doesn’t award too much currency, but I might tweak or remove it. What I want to do is tie it to comment ratings; a comment with a lot of likes should earn a lot of currency. This naturally discourages spam and helps sort the comments section. My friend worries this will lead to “TikTok” comments that appeal to the lowest common denominator and are boring. He’s comparing this to Instagram’s comment sections, which he finds funnier. I’ll take that advice with a grain of salt because my friend has never used TikTok and Instagram uses the same comment rating system as them. I think the main differences between comments sections on different platforms have more to do with culture and moderation. If it helps, my platform is the only one that lets you dislike comments. YouTube lets you, but it doesn’t do anything. YouTube’s a fake bitch.

Next up, there are more notification types. You now get notifications from people following you and people commenting on your videos. This adds to the previous system that only notified you when someone replied to your comment. And because I went above and beyond, you’re also able to customize what notifications you want to receive. Right now, it’s some awful HTML and CSS disheveled together, but I’ll improve it sometime.

You used to be able to drag the comment bar off the page and mess with things. This was terrible, so now it can’t be directly adjusted by the user and instead updates dynamically as they type. A less terrible but still bad thing was a bug where clicking the “My Profile” button on someone else’s profile page would redirect you to their page. This was happening because I was sending the wrong username into the router (the profile owner’s username instead of the current user’s username).

Something completely unrelated is that I standardized the confetti detector so it appears on every page without me needing to do anything. Beforehand, I needed to pass in a boolean value that said whether or not the user was able to use confetti when they clicked. I was thinking about my theme logic, and it seemed odd that I didn’t need to pass anything to the route for those. What was odd was the amount of time it took me to realize that I could just determine confetti clicking potential within the Javascript. Because I pass the current user into every route, I can grab their Supabase row and see if they have confetti unlocked and enabled. That was a goof.

The main part of this update is the community feature. Users can now create public communities that others can join and add videos to. When you’re in a community, you’re able to select that community in the upload page before you send something out. This will push your video to both the homepage and your chosen community. Making communities costs a pretty penny, though: 250 currency. That probably means nothing to you, and it doesn’t mean much to me either because I’m still tweaking with prices. But it’s the second most expensive thing on the site right now, behind colored usernames, which costs 500 currency. I don’t want people to flood the site with low-effort, dead communities, hence the steep price. I added a few communities to kickstart things — I believe “ParkerLand” and “Gaming.” I don’t know what users are meant to post in ParkerLand. I made that up for testing.

To cap things off, I added two new focus tree upgrades. I already added the light theme and Steven theme, but those felt a little lazy. The Steven theme took a bit of extra effort because it forced me to work images into the theme system, but it’s still a throwaway feature. Anyway, I decided to add a flame theme. I don’t know why I gravitated toward flame as a color scheme, but I’ve been thinking about it for weeks. I guess I wanted something to complement the aqua theme. I was also thinking about this Roblox game called Bee Swarm Simulator, which splits the bees between red and blue. I don’t know how relevant that connection is, but it’s something I thought about. Anyway, I can’t be bothered to design themes myself, so I got ChatGPT to make it for me. I love doing that because it makes me feel like I’m uncovering a surprise. And wouldn’t you believe it, the flame theme looks sick. It’s kind of like a dark theme with glowing orange accents. I might like it more than the aqua theme (sorry Miku — I know I designed the aqua theme after you).

The other focus tree upgrade was a fun one: a profile visit counter. I was inspired to make this based on those old internet websites that had those “You’re visitor #X” footers. Once unlocked, you get a cool seven-segment display at the bottom of your profile with the number of visits. It’s not super accurate; it doesn’t factor visits from the same person, so refreshing the page will always increment the count. But that’s not really the point. I think it looks cool. That’s the point. One thought I had, though, was where I should put it. At the bottom of people’s pages, it’s quite out of the way on some profiles. However, I don’t really want to move it above the video list. I think the current placement is okay. Most people aren’t going to have many videos on their profile. My account is an outlier because I have a ton of Half of Fame posts from testing. Maybe I could separate Hall of Fame posts on profiles. Yeah, I’ll just do that eventually.

Also, I said I’d learn what a cached file is by the end of the week. You bet I did. Cached data is stuff stored in a fast-access location like RAM, while uncached data needs to be pulled from the original source every time, which takes longer. So for something that doesn’t change — like the focus tree — it’s a good idea to keep it cached.

__Portfolio v0.1__

Good God, this is a long devlog. I don’t want to spoil the surprise, so I’m not going to check the word count.

I started my Portfolio this week, as I said I would. I’m making a site from scratch because I want to have control over it, and I enjoy designing sites from the ground up. I haven’t done a ton yet, but I added all my projects and gave a short description of some of them. I don’t think about this very much, but I’ve made quite a bit in the last five months. I’m a little proud of myself.

Honestly, I spent a lot of my portfolio work time on a cool typing intro. It has a fake cursor that types some welcome text before the “begin” button appears. I think it looks pretty neat. Also, I have a rough plan for how I want to structure the site. I want it to be like a video game. Yeah, I couldn’t help myself. I try to think from the perspective of the user, okay? If I was scrolling through someone’s work, I’d probably bore myself to death if I was just reading text and images constantly. I want to make the portfolio feel like a journey with a reward at the end. I also want to include some secrets and easter eggs. I got started by creating a checklist system for all my projects. It doesn’t do anything on the frontend, but it records all the projects you’ve looked at — unless I accidentally removed that functionality, which I might’ve. It won’t be difficult to add back.

__Development Plans for October 19, 2025__

Here are my plans to complete by next Sunday, October 19:

__The Simulation__
- Migrate from Streamlit
- Fix the stuff I wasn’t able to this week

__ParkerVerse__
- Implement everything in the TODO section of my code (it’s been accumulating with things that I forget to add to my list of goals, mainly just minor bug fixes)
- Add at least two new focus tree features
- Add private communities
- Add community focus trees
- Let users upload to multiple communities
- Add notifications for users posting and joining your community
- Add a members list to communities
- Clean up the notification preferences UI
- Let users gain currency from getting comments with lots of likes
- Light up the notifications button or something to indicate unread notifications
- Add private user messaging

__Portfolio__
- Get complete descriptions for all my projects
- Paste my journal devlogs (I’ll toss them in some additional info section just to show that they’re there; I don’t expect people to read them)
- Incorporate some project screenshots and demos
- Implement the checklist system and make the site more gamified

Honestly, I don’t even know what a good workload looks like anymore. I swear I didn’t have this much output per week during the summer. I’m able to get all of it done on time, and I don’t feel overworked, so I’m going to keep going at this pace.

_--Note--_
_The word count for this entry (excluding this note) is 2881. Whew._