---
title: The Simulation Devlog v0.16: The Migration; ParkerVerse v0.12
date: October 19, 2025
summary: The Simulation migrated from Streamlit to React + FastAPI for greater development freedom. ParkerVerse received a range of new features, namely private communities, private messaging, and community focus trees. Finally, my portfolio (the one you're on right now) was worked on some more.
---

Today is another devlog day — the 22nd one, to be exact. That number doesn’t have any meaning by itself, but it marks 22 devlogs. Isn’t that something?

__The Simulation Devlog v0.16: The Migration__

I quit using Streamlit this week because it was way too limiting. It’s good for prototyping, but I’m surprised I stuck with it as long as I did. The new system uses React and FastAPI. I’ve never used React, and it was a weird learning curve. Notably, the frontend and backend are run on two separate terminal lines. I was confused when I ran the frontend code and nothing loaded. Maybe I’m the odd one out, but I always saw the frontend and backend as being one meshed system. Full-stack development feels intuitive to me. I’m not saying React is bad, but it’s unlike other things I’ve used before. Other than that, migrating from Streamlit was pretty straightforward. I told ChatGPT: I want this code in Streamlit to be converted to something better. After a bit of work, everything was in good shape.

Once I got to a working interface, I fixed a bug I noticed last week with context generation. The context generation was not context generating. Yeah, this had been a thing ever since I made it asynchronous, and I knew something looked off, but I was scared to touch it. The 52-17 timer has made me afraid of anything involving threads. I had hoped the issue would fix itself once I migrated from Streamlit, but it didn’t. Because the context wasn’t generated synchronously (where the code only progresses once context generation is completed), the main thread would oftentimes finish before the context generation thread did. This caused context to effectively never update. I fixed this by making it actually wait for context generation to complete but keeping that interval from affecting the main thread.

There were two more enhancements this week, but they’re kind of freebies. First, I fixed the buggy interactions with idle messages. In Streamlit, Miku’s idle responses would interrupt you when you were trying to type a normal message. But now that the site has been migrated, the idle check runs much more often (like once per second as opposed to once per 30 seconds), so you’re unlikely to face jankiness. It also physically stops you from sending a message during idle message generation. The second improvement is that I removed Streamlit’s annoying autorefresh animation. Every time it refreshed, the page would flash black. Naturally, I fixed the issue by completely restructuring my user interface. (Yes, that’s a primary reason for this update.)

I’m tired, so I’ll finish this devlog tomorrow, okay? Bye.

_The next day..._

I ended abruptly yesterday because I really was tired. Sometimes my body needs sleep, I guess, and I can’t think straight (even if it’s not that late). I’m not going to force myself to push out a devlog if I’m mentally out of it. Now that I’m mentally un-out of it, I can continue the devlog.

__ParkerVerse v0.12__

This was another pretty productive week for ParkerVerse. I started by making the admin check run on every page. The week before (I think), I did this with the confetti theme, and I thought that I should probably do it with the admin checker too. This one works a bit different than the confetti check, which just ran on the frontend via looking at the user’s active skills. The admin check is now sent through a helper function on the backend, and that helper function is applied in all routes, so I don’t have to send is_admin individually to every page I have. I added a few other universal variables to this helper function, like tracking the current user and their username. This saves a ton of time, and it makes things less prone to error.

But nobody cares about that. A more important feature is private communities, which I also added. Beforehand, communities were only public, but now you can make ones that aren’t visible to everyone. You need an invite code to access them, which can be generated if you’re a member in the community. Videos sent in private communities aren’t visible on the home page, and they only appear in your recommendations if you’re a member in one. I’m not sure if I should make the home page use the same logic, but I think it sounds right to only have public-facing things appear there. Maybe I should make that apply to recommendations, too. I don’t know, but I guess it doesn’t matter a ton. I’ll change it if I feel like it.

Afterwards, I implemented the ability to upload to multiple communities. I don’t know why I didn’t do this when I initially created the community system. I guess I wanted to keep things simple. Anyway, videos uploaded to multiple communities have a bit of logic involved. If they’re only uploaded to private communities, they won’t appear in the home page and other feeds unless you’re a member of at least one of those communities. However, if they’re uploaded to at least one public community, they’ll appear like normal videos do. And of course, if you don’t upload to any community, your video will be eviscerated. That’s a joke. It’s still visible through normal means.

A small quality of life feature, duplicate videos no longer appear in video recommendations. This was happening because the random video loop I was using didn’t store the videos it included. Since it works in a pagination system (only a few videos load at a time), this meant that some videos could be repeated every loop. On a larger scale, this wouldn’t really matter, but it bugged me, so I fixed it.

I added some new notifications this week, both pertaining to communities. One type is for people who join your community. If you’re in a community (public or private), you’ll now be notified whenever someone joins. The second type is for community uploads. It’s the same as community join notifications, but… do I really need to spell it out for you? Bluh bluh bluh bluh. On a slightly related note, I cleaned up the notification preference buttons. Before, it was a bunch of unaligned text and checkboxes, and it looked bad. I believe there was some CSS definition buried in there that was causing that behavior, so I fixed it and made the list evenly spaced. Also, I don’t seem to have mentioned this in my dev notes (separate document that has summaries of what I did each day), but I also added an indicator for unread notifications. When you have some that you haven’t read, it’ll have one of those red dots with the number of unread notifications inside of it. This is a small UI enhancement, but it goes a long way. Without a reminder like that, the notifications page would never be used, which takes away the point of notifications, I reckon.

_The next day..._

Okay. I’m getting kind of pissed now. I’ll say it now: I wasn’t able to finish the devlog on Sunday because I was working on my portfolio. I wasn’t able to finish my portfolio on Saturday because I slightly underestimated how much work it would take. I also don’t really like to work on it. But that’s besides the point. I wasn’t able to finish yesterday because I spent most of the evening doing calculus homework. It was just using a formula for some guy named after a hospital. The work is easy, but the thing I hate about math classes is how much work they pile on. I don’t see a reason in doing 20 problems of the same concept when I understand it after the first few. But I digress. I will finish the devlog today, and I won’t let sleep take me away. To put it bluntly: I am sick of this external garbage, and I want to write in my damn journal.

__ParkerVerse v0.12 Continued__

Anyway, communities now have member lists. They’re ordered by the number of followers, which I think looks pretty neat. It’s like a built-in user popularity ranking for each community. Also related to communities, users can only join two at a time now. Through the focus tree, they can bump that up to five and later twenty. Those are the two focus tree upgrades I added, by the way. Yeah, it was kind of a cop-out. But I spent a lot of work incorporating a whole other focus tree. You’ll read more about that later. I think I’ll increase those limits, though, because two sounds far too little. I don’t want to make the design actively hostile. Five would be a much better baseline. Also, I’m not sure if I should make a distinction between public and private communities for that. Maybe you can join three public, two private to start off? Or I could just let users choose what to join. I’ll think of something.

Additionally, I decided to add a new way to gain currency, and this one rewards quality instead of quantity. Likes on comments are now proportional to currency gain, so having a lot of likes will earn you a lot of currency. Having a good like-to-dislike ratio also helps. It’s pretty much the same as the video rating system; you earn a certain amount of currency based on the number of likes multiplied by the ratio, and you can’t ever lose currency. So if your comment starts gaining a ton of dislikes, you won’t gain anything until the ratio fixes itself up again, but you won’t lose anything either. Also, it scales logarithmically, so it doesn’t balloon. I’m not sure how I feel about the logarithmic scaling. It feels too slow from what I’ve calculated. I’ll have to look into alternatives that don’t balloon but remain substantive.

Onto the next big feature (at least, I think so) is messaging. Users are now able to send private messages to each other on a new page. It’s pretty rudimentary; you can only message individuals, and you can’t send images or anything. I’m not sure how I should handle group messaging down the line, if at all. Maybe I only let people make groups of 3–5, and if they want to expand, they need a private community? Or maybe that’s an arbitrary restriction, and I should let people do what they want. Regardless, I think this system is pretty neat, and YouTube doesn’t have anything like it. I always thought that was odd about YouTube. One quirk with my system is that the feed isn’t live, so you’ll have to reload the page to see new messages. I want to change that eventually (I think something called WebSocket lets you do that), but it makes this feel like more of a forum site. I’m not really going for that vibe, but it’s not a bad thing per se. It makes the atmosphere more casual, where messages are more akin to you opening your mailbox to find a letter. I don’t know how good that is for social media design, but I do like that feeling personally. That said, you aren’t completely blind; there’s an indicator on the messages button if you have unread conversations, just like how notifications work.

Finally, I added community focus trees. These use the same logic as individual focus trees, the only difference being that they use community ID rather than user ID. To do this, I had to add community currencies, which you currently just gain from uploading to a community. It’s currency that’s specifically owned by the community, so you can’t withdraw it or something. ParkerVerse doesn’t endorse embezzlement. The currency is spent on the tree, of course, and the owner manages it. I would like to change this in the future — like letting community members vote on changes instead of having them submit to a monarch — but it works. There’s only one upgrade currently, and it’s an image you can upload to represent your community. This appears on the community list page. I didn’t get a chance to add any other upgrades. I’ll have to brainstorm.

__Portfolio__

I didn’t realize this until this week, but everything I type here is public-facing. Like, I’m going to add this entry to my portfolio later, and other people might see it. Isn’t that kind of meta? If another human sees this, let me know, and I’ll do something. I don’t know what I’ll do, but it’ll be something.

Anywho, I added a system for storing my journal devlogs. It’s a button at the bottom of the page you can click, and it’ll send you to the entire list. Simulation Devlog 1–5 are all under one title because those are tiny. Have you read the fourth one? If you don’t feel like going back to view it, here it is:


“I made a sphere that toggles the animation and music when you click on it. I didn’t have many issues implementing it, so I don’t have much to add here.”

Bravo, me from five months ago. I should’ve given myself a pat in the back. That was a really productive work day. I don’t know if I’ll top it.

But seriously, I didn’t want my old work to fill up the starter entries. A lot of people will probably just go through the first couple things before leaving, and I don’t want my 30-word entries to determine their lasting impression. That old Unity stuff was an important part of my journey, but it’s like showing an employer your report card from first grade. And I’m not trying to bash on past me for the lower output — working on that stuff was a pain in the arse with my slow laptop. That’s why I haven’t touched any 3D simulations since.

I’m afraid I might be rambling. Other than the first five being bunched up, I didn’t really change anything else. I made some light edits to certain devlogs, especially when I start talking about something completely different like school. If it’s relevant to the devlog, I’ll keep it, but I don’t think my Spanish class rants contribute toward that goal.

The tedious part of this was mostly writing summaries for each devlog. I had to look through my journal, skim the designated devlog, and pick out the key takeaways from it. It’s not super difficult, but it takes a lot of time. And that’s what I’ve learned with making this portfolio: it is a chore. Having to go through every project I own, take screenshots, make demos, and write descriptions takes so much time. However, it’s not all terrible; it’s been kind of fun looking at the things I’ve created over the past few months.

Other than sorting the devlogs, I also wrote descriptions for each project, as I just alluded to. These are only a sentence or two long. I want to write things like my motivations and struggles too, but that’ll take a while. I also included the tech stack for each project. Almost all of them use Python. It’s not the most varied, but I like Python. Kill me. They also involve some different APIs and libraries. I don’t know how accurate the stack is for each, but there’s something, at least. I also added links to each project, and not all of them were uploaded to GitHub, so I put them there. The ones I uploaded have no instructions or anything, but they’re there. However, some of my projects are private, which leads to some issues. The video site’s GitHub is private because I have some secret keys stored on there for storage and authentication stuff, but that’s fine since the video site has its own link. However, the three involving LLMs are not public: the AI chatbot, the programming assistant, and the spreadsheet filler. God forbid the spreadsheet filler is inoperable. These can’t be shared publicly because they all use my OpenAI token. I don’t know what I’ll do about that. I’ll probably just make people supply their own token, but I’ll need to alter the code a bit to make that happen. I’ve never really considered secrecy in my code, since I’m the only developer.

I didn’t finish everything, but I got started on quite a few things. For one, I added an in-site demo of the Hapax Analyzer, which calculates the rate of hapax legomena over the course of a text. It’s not a super advanced program, but I think it’s a fun tool. I also took screenshots of my Unity simulation. I wanted to record a video of me interacting with it, but I shot myself in the foot about three months ago when I tried to implement VR compatibility. That required restructuring the movement system, so now keyboard controls don’t work. And the VR situation hasn’t gotten any better — I still don’t have a cable to connect my headset to my laptop. The screenshots will suffice, I guess. I tried to show all the objects and UIs, and I plan on annotating them later to explain what they’re meant to do. I really should have made a backup before adding that VR crap. Also, I haven’t actually added the screenshots to the site. Screenshots were taken, though, and that’s most of the work. (Waiting ten minutes for Unity to load is most of the work.)

A small fix I made was with the checklist system. I implemented one last week, but I deleted the code during development, I guess. I remade it this week, and it’s pretty simple. Whenever you visit a page, it gets visually crossed out on the home page. It makes exploring feel a bit more rewarding.

Finally, I added a size parameter to all the projects. I separate between “the beginning…,” “major,” “medium,” and “small.” “The beginning…” is just the Unity project. It was originally a part of the major projects, but I don’t think that’s accurate. The AI chatbot part is a major project, yes, but I haven’t touched the Unity end in months. It’s like what I was saying earlier: I don’t want this experimentation to be the sole thing defining my work. That said, it was the project that started them all, so I should give it that credit. The medium and small identifiers exist for similar reasons, but they’re mostly to show which projects I’ve put the most effort in. I don’t want someone clicking on “Text Scrambler” and expecting a magnus opus. Also, grouping everything together under the same tier of importance looks like padding.It siphons the strength that the bigger projects carry.

__Development Plans for October 26, 2025__

Here are my plans to complete by next Sunday, October 26:

_The Simulation_
- Clean up the UI
- Make everything save across sessions
- Add a picture of Miku

_ParkerVerse_
- Add 2+ individual focus tree upgrades
- Add 2+ community focus tree upgrades
- Look into ad providers
- Add a custom shop for themes
- Add a site minigame
- Reduce video and thumbnail quality
- Add a live chat for messages
- Add a community discussion page (might be a focus tree feature)
- Raise/rebalance the baseline community limit

_Portfolio_
- Add more project demos
- Add screenshots
- Figure out the OpenAI key thing
- Complete at least one major project page (the Unity simulation, AI chatbot, or ParkerVerse)
- Add a progress bar for viewing all the projects (maybe only require the user to view a certain amount of projects, giving them the ability to choose)

I have some time to burn on the portfolio, but I’d like it done before November 1. That’s when early action college applications are due. I don’t know when they review the actual applications, so I probably have a buffer area between submission and being reviewed, but I’d rather not risk it. Let me tell you, though: this portfolio takes a lot of time to make. I heavily underestimated it last week. However, it’ll be good once it’s done. At the very least, it’s a project I can put on my portfolio.
