---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.1
date: June 15, 2025
summary: The first devlog with concrete goals. Object interaction and song selection was implemented.
---

__Simulation Devlog v0.1__

I was able to get everything in my checklist done this week pretty smoothly. First, I opted to place 3 pieces of furniture. I chose a small, wooden table, a sofa, and a TV. I also moved the leek I added last week to sit on top of the table. Overall, this step was pretty straightforward, it just took some time to find good models that were easy to get the textures for. Note that I didn’t make these by hand because, well, I don’t care to. If other people have done the labor for me, then it’d be a waste to not utilize their work. Also, I kind of despise modeling. I’m much more interested in logistics and programming. Of course, I’ll make my own models if I have a specific need that nothing publicly available fulfills, but I haven’t really run into that predicament yet. The only model I’ve made is the room, and that’s as simple as you can get — a floor, four walls, and a ceiling.

Anyway, picking up the leek was the easiest part, and I was actually surprised by how effortless it was to implement. All it took was a short script that I attached to the player. However, there’s no way to put the leek back (you can take it away but it disappears to limbo), and you don’t need to be near the leek at all to give it to Miku. You can press ‘E’ anywhere in the simulator to transfer the leek. Despite the limitations, I was still able to complete my primary goal, which was all I was aiming for.

The most challenging part to implement was the song selection. The primary issue came when I tried to get the UI to appear. I decided to make the TV the medium to access the selection, so clicking on it would open up the menu. However, when I implemented the script, it wasn’t calling the function to open the UI when I clicked on the TV. As per usual, I had ChatGPT on my side while doing this, and I noticed that the script and the TV’s collider weren’t on the same level in the hierarchy. So, I asked ChatGPT if I should have the script attached to the TV or its collider, and it said I was correct to have it attached to the TV object itself. After a long while of trying to debug, eventually I went back and decided to attach the script to the collider anyway, just to see what would happen. It just so happened that the script worked as intended the moment I did this. What did I learn from this? ChatGPT is a liar. But I’m not so sour about it as I was yesterday. Once I did this, it was pretty smooth sailing to make the selector functional. I pasted in a little over a dozen songs I have in my playlist, and it all works out. The UI is real barebones, but it gets the job done. Also, there’s no way to stop songs, and I temporarily removed the ability for Miku and friends to dance because I didn’t want to overcomplicate the system.

Here are my goals to complete by Sunday, June 22:
- Add an ability to place the leek back
- Make picking up and giving the leek require a being within a certain proximity (and orientation?)
- Add a button to stop songs in the song selector
- Remove the old song button (I kind of forgot to when implementing the new system)
- Make Miku dance again
