---
title: The Simulation Devlog v0.17: It Looks Good; ParkerVerse v0.13
date: October 27, 2025
summary: The Simulation had a UI overhaul, the chat feed now resembling that of a texting service. Backend infrastructure also improved, with chat history being saved between sessions (a feature that used to work but broke when migrating from Streamlit). ParkerVerse received a variety of additions, namely video/thumbnail compression and a new, secret minigame on videos. My portfolio also had incremental improvements.
---

Yeah, I missed the devlog yesterday. I passed out. I spent most of the day working on my portfolio. I can’t wait to get done with that thing. I was also playing this Roblox game called Restaurant Tycoon 3. It’s pretty fun. Anywho, let’s see if I can get through this entire devlog before I get tired again. I hate stretching them out across multiple days. I’m writing this late at night as it is because I have calculus homework every Monday.

__The Simulation Devlog v0.17: It Looks Good__

When I migrated from Streamlit to React, aesthetics were not a primary concern. Consequently, the chat log was quite rudimentary. It didn’t even include who sent each message; you had to infer that based on response order. Well, I gave it the magical touch this week, and it now displays names. Also, it looks like a texting feed, with your own messages appearing as blue bubbles on the right and Miku’s as white ones on the left. Miku also has a little picture of herself next to her name. I think it looks pretty good. It also makes me reflect on something I’ve thought off-and-on about for the past few weeks: what if I made the experience feel like texting someone? It’s already in a text-only, digital format, so it could be beneficial to lean into that side. This would also tie into my temporal messaging system; Miku could send you a text every once in a while to check up on you or talk about whatever she’s thinking about (I know AIs can’t “think”). Also, stuff like message delays become part of the experience in a system like that instead of a hindrance. I think this could be an interesting side project for The Simulation.

Probably more important than the aesthetic upgrades, the chat history system was fixed with this update. Chat history now carries over sessions. This was already the case beforehand, but it slipped past me when I migrated from Streamlit. Streamlit uses its own session system, so the transition wasn’t as straightforward as you might imagine. Also, there was an even more fatal issue that I didn’t even notice until this week: user memories weren’t being stored. Again, this is because of the transition. The line in my old Streamlit code that saved user memories wasn’t in my new code, so I had to reimplement it somewhere. Thankfully, neither of these issues took too much time to fix.

__ParkerVerse v0.13__

The ParkerVerse section always takes the longest. This is my primary project, isn’t it? It’s probably between this and the Secret Santa Probability Tracker. Also, it’s currently 11:32 PM, and there’s no way I’m finishing this devlog tonight. So it’ll have to extend into tomorrow once the clock strikes 12.

First, I added a theme shop to the site. This is a focus tree upgrade, and you can unlock it after unlocking the rest of the focus tree themes (excluding secret ones). Once unlocked, you’re able to view custom themes created by other users. Each theme has a cost set by the creator (minimum of 50 currency — subject to change), and all money spent on the currency is sent to them. So if you spend 100 currency on a yellow theme, 100 currency is sent to whoever created it. The creator also gets a notification of the purchase. To create a theme, you need to spend an initial 300 currency. I put this limit in place because I don’t want people flooding the theme market with garbage. Come to think of it, I should probably limit the number of themes you’re able to upload as a whole. I’ll put a pin in that thought.

Anyway, the theme creation system is pretty simple right now. You get to control primary, secondary, text, and highlight colors. In the actual theme CSS, there are a lot more parameters, but I narrowed them down to these four to simplify the process. Plus, it makes the base site themes feel more special. I plan on giving creators more customizability with later focus tree upgrades.

_The next day..._

The clock has struck 12. One last thing I wanted to add about the theme system is that I was having an issue stopping the page from flashing. I think it’s called FOUC. With most themes, I just needed to reset the cache (since the CSS file is stored in cache), but user themes are injected into the styling through the code. To fix it, I had to save user themes to the cache. I wanted to make a pun where I say, “What the FOUC?” but the issue was actually pretty straightforward, so I feel like it wouldn’t make sense for me to say that. So no pun today. You get the idea of a pun instead.

Next up, I decreased the minimum number of ratings and comment likes needed to earn currency. Initially, I set a threshold of 5 to stop users from farming currency via spamming with alts or friends. But I’ve since thought that 5 might be too high of a threshold, as it’s discouraging to average users. The minimum is now 2 interactions to start earning currency. Also, I realized a pretty big oversight today (well, yesterday) — people can spam comments. I tried to make the system value quality, but as long as someone gets a couple likes from every comment, they’ll earn currency. This incentivizes people to comment junk on every single video, which could lead to some issues. I might either limit how much you can comment or how much you can make from commenting. The limits wouldn’t get in the way of normal viewing, but they would prevent mass engagement (think, 10–20 comments per hour). Other than that, another rebalance I made was with the community limits. Instead of a 2 community maximum, you start with 4 communities. The focus tree upgrades have been extended from 5 to 20 and 20 to 100. These are still subject to change, but the old limits felt punitive. For casual users, I think 4 is fine, and 20 is more than fine. Besides, keeping communities a little selective helps balance their progression.

I updated user messaging by using WebSocket. That means you don’t need to refresh the page to see messages anymore. Everything shows up in a live feed. It only applies to private messages right now (and a focus tree feature I’ll get to later), but I’m considering using it in comment sections. I’m not sure how beneficial it would be to turn comments sections into live chats. If it doesn’t increase compute drastically, I’ll consider it.

This is the part where it’ll likely feel like I’m repeating myself. I wrote this in an entry a few days ago, but thumbnails and videos are now compressed. Each thumbnail is about 50 KB and is compressed using Pillow, which is a Python image library thingy. I believe GIFs are at 200 KB, though, because a 50 KB GIF would look scary. All image types are now converted to WebP, so I guess they aren’t technically GIFs anymore. WebP saves space, if you were wondering (although I think I mentioned that in my past entry). It’s a shame nobody uses it, although I think we’re seeing that trend shift as the web modernizes. Also, GIFs are compressed with FFmpeg because it’s faster than running a frame-by-frame analysis with Pillow.

As for videos, everything is compressed to 540p, 400 Kbps. I’m pretty sure videos are converted to WebP files, too. But let’s go back to that compression value. I chose 540p because 480p was too grainy and 720p was too storage-intensive. 540p is the Goldilocks of the three. I never thought I’d pledge my loyalty to a video resolution, but I also never thought I’d make a gamified video site named after my cat. I’m half-convinced that media giants brainwashed the public into thinking anything under 720p is unviewable. On a phone display especially, you aren’t going to notice a thing. The more… concerning number is the bitrate: 400 Kbps. I haven’t tested it a ton, so I might backtrack. The general minimum I read for 540p is ~1 Mbps (1000 Kbps), but 400 Kbps seemed fine to me. Maybe high-motion videos look awful, but I doubt much content on my site will have fast-moving material. This is all subject to change, but the bandwidth shaved from 400 Kbps is very sexy. Also, I’m using VP9 to compress. I tried using AV1 (supposedly one of the better ones for compression), but it was finicky, and VP9 is faster. I don’t know much about the different types, but I’m assuming they aren’t too different. Also, I have to mention that compression is very, very slow. It takes a solid minute for my laptop to chug through a 30-second video. Apparently sites like YouTube take your upload immediately and compress in the background, which I tried to do, but Supabase doesn’t allow for asynchronous video uploading. I’ll need to do more major code refactoring to allow for that.

You know that focus tree feature I alluded to earlier? The one that uses WebSocket. It’s a community discussion board. Users in the community are allowed to post to it, acting as a live chat for everyone there. A feature like this has a good chance to turn into a cesspool, so I might need to add a toggle in the future. The second focus tree upgrade this week is related to this one, and it’s the ability to have threaded replies on the board.

When I was writing my plans out last week, I said I wanted to add a “site minigame.” This probably made no goddamn sense to most people. And as I was implementing it, I would agree. Why the hell did I add a minigame to my video site as opposed to literally anything else? Because ParkerVerse doesn’t care about what’s productive — it cares about what’s cool. I spent an entire day implementing this.

The minigame is another secret focus tree feature. It’s connected to the scrolling comments ability, which is the NicoNico-type thing. To unlock it, you type “pong” on the video page with scrolling comments unlocked. Can you guess what the minigame is? Haha. Also, because I want to document my entire development journey — not just whatever this is — I should mention a problem I had implementing this. I was ripping my hair out for a hot minute because the game wouldn’t start no matter what I’d do. Apparently, there was an if statement checking for “data.success,” which never came out as true. I axed that statement, and it started working. The game itself is pretty neat, I have to admit. The game itself appears on top of the video overlay; like, you’re able to play pong while watching the video. The pong paddles have the same appearance as scrolling comments, the only difference being that they’re rotated sideways. The ball is a ball. It’s not special. Also, there’s an “AI” in the game that makes some errors, like overshooting and bad reaction time, which keeps it engaging. There’s also an off-centered score counter at the top of the overlay. I knew it was off center, but I was too tired to fix it. That’s something for me in the future to deal with. And if you ever get sick of playing pong, you can type “pong” again, and it’ll end the game.

Also, the coolest feature of all, in my humble opinion, is how it interacts with scrolling comments. The ball will collide with scrolling comments on the video, which adds a ton of unpredictability to its movement. Imagine losing a point because some random guy’s comment struck the ball out of nowhere. I don’t have to imagine. That happened to me a few times, honestly (except the “random guy’s comment” was my own).

__Portfolio v0.3__

Last and possibly least: the portfolio. Sorry, that intro was too pessimistic. I don’t dislike the portfolio, but I do dislike the pressure to complete it. Anyway, let’s get this devlog wrapped up.

First, I added the screenshots I took of the Unity simulation to the page. I already had the screenshots saved, so this was easy. All I needed was a separate section for screenshots on the page. I also incorporated a demo of my “Fact of the Day” generator, and it shows you a random fact with the date and a random image. The image doesn’t have anything to do with the fact, but they’re generic enough to look kind of related. One of them is a picture of Bart Simpson. I added him because I thought he looked funny, I guess. Outside of that, I created a progress bar that displays how many projects you’ve viewed in the portfolio. It’s at the top of the screen, so you can always see where you’re at. And finally, I completed the Unity simulation page. I wrote a few sentences about my motivation, the project, and lessons I learned. Honestly, it wasn’t too bad. Most of the time I spent was shuffling between the portfolio and my Restaurant Tycoon 3 business. I loved that game. I’m hoping I’ll be able to play it again this Sunday.

__Development Plans for November 2, 2025__

Here are my plans to complete by next Sunday, November 2:

_Portfolio_
- Finish the portfolio
- Find a website to host it

Not included in my development plans are my college applications. I need to fill out a lot of boring paperwork. Is it paperwork if it’s digital? I’m too tired to answer that. But yeah, I need to wrap all this stuff up this week. Really, I need everything done by November 1, not November 2, because that’s when early admission deadlines occur. If I get my crap together, I’ll have time. Also, Halloween is in three days. What the FOUC?
