---
title: ParkerVerse v0.13.1; Portfolio v0.4
date: November 2, 2025
summary: This week focused heavily on the portfolio, with more in-depth project descriptions being written along with screenshots. Additionally, an oversight with ParkerVerse's environment variables caused the public website to not work, which I fixed this week.
---

__Portfolio v0.4__

See, I didn’t complete the portfolio, but I did turn it in. Early action application deadlines were yesterday, correct, but they don’t look at the applications immediately, do they? I still have access to my portfolio, meaning I can make additions after the deadline. I can’t wait too long, but I probably have at least a week to work on it.

Now, what did (and didn’t) I do? I set up the site on PythonAnywhere, which is what I used for the Spotify project (RIP). I also added screenshots with subtitles to the medium and major project pages. Additionally, MIT has its own portfolio submission system that includes code projects — which, by the way, I love; if any other college admission people see this, I think it’s great to let students submit what they’ve made so it can be reviewed in its own process. Essays alone can’t really demonstrate that. But that did mean I needed to fill out a lot of stuff and take screenshots and video (which is fine; I can use it in my own portfolio, too). I recorded a minute-long video demonstration of The Simulation and likewise for ParkerVerse. I made them for the MIT application, but I’ll probably throw those on my portfolio site too. That video editing process was a chore, though. The slowness of my laptop doesn’t help. I’m just rambling now.

Another issue was that some of my projects had sensitive information that couldn’t be shared. I went through each of them, removed the private things, and published them to GitHub. That means you can’t run them yourself (unless you have your own keys), but you can still look at the code. Upon reviewing, I didn’t do this for the spreadsheet filler, which needs an OpenAI key to run. I’ll have to get that done some time. (Don’t worry, I didn’t leak a private key. I haven’t uploaded it to GitHub yet.)

Oh, and the portfolio isn’t technically finished yet because I haven’t filled in the motivations, about section, and lessons learned for each project. I think I did it for the Spotify Nicheness Analyzer? And I completed the Unity simulation one the week before. Everything else needs work.

__ParkerVerse v0.13.1__

Yeah, I updated ParkerVerse, but it’s still related to the portfolio. I realized the site was crashing when I tried to access it on Render, and it’s because I wasn’t using the right Supabase keys. I changed the names of the keys in the code a few weeks ago, and I forgot to replicate this change on Render. This flew under the radar because I never use the Render site, lol. I’ll probably have to upgrade my subscription if I want it to be usable. Actually, I will have to upgrade my subscription. If someone is viewing my application and has to wait sixty seconds for the application to load, they aren’t going to bother. So I’ll add that to the to-do list.

__Development Plans for November 9, 2025__

When I take a break from some of my projects, it takes a bit of time to remember what expectations I should set for them. I’ll just start writing. Here are my plans to complete by next Sunday, November 9:

_The Simulation_
- Make the text box not stretch weird
- Increase context limits
- Make similar memories pull bigger similar memory chunks instead (and observe what changes)

_ParkerVerse_
- Upgrade the site host subscription
- Make video compression a background task
- Add 2+ individual focus tree features
- Add 2+ community focus tree features
- Implement all the stuff in the TODO stack of the code
- Add compression to everything else the user can upload (like profile pictures)

_Portfolio_
- Actually finish the portfolio

It feels like a lighter week, and maybe it is, and maybe that’s good. Hopefully getting back into these projects will refresh my brain and help me start generating ideas.