---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.2
date: June 22, 2025
summary: Still in Unity, I improved the music player and object interaction. Work also began on a small "wall digging" simulation.
---

__Simulation Devlog v0.2__

This week was pretty easy. I added a function that returns the leek to the table. Also, if you’re within a certain proximity and facing Miku, you can give/take the leek when pressing E. The same applies to the table. I realized that this acts as a really primitive inventory system, so I might flesh that out later on, maybe with a dedicated inventory menu and limited number of slots.

Adding a stop button to the song selection screen was also doable. I made a function that stopped any audio tracks playing, and it’s triggered by a button in the song select UI. It’s as simple as it sounds. Finally, making Miku dance again was probably the most intensive task (although none were particularly difficult this week). I more or less used the same logic as I did with the original animation script, so I didn’t need to reinvent the wheel. A minor bug I came across was that Miku would move out of position if you stopped the song while she was dancing, but I fixed that by saving her original position. Also, I added a cooldown to being able to push her because sometimes the positions got buggy (even when saving the initial position). I view using cooldowns to conceal problems to be like putting duct tape over everything, but, meh, it works. Oh, also, I removed the old song button.

This isn’t related to the simulation project directly, but I had so much spare time this week that I decided to start working on a small game. It’s really low effort, just a game where you dig through a wall. I was inspired by this indie game called “A Game About Digging A Hole.” I think it’ll give me more experience, and I want to start developing products to be pushed out to the public. The simulation is great, but I also would like to make some money off of my work, so I’ve been motivated to start making more stuff. I doubt this game will make money, but it’s about the journey, isn’t it? Nobody’s gotten rich from game development from making zero games.

Anyway, here are my goals for Sunday, June 29:
- Remove Kasane Teto and Akita Neru (it’s about time, and their textures are completely messed up — I only really added them for fun)
- Incorporate an AI language model so you can talk to Miku
Honestly, I have no clue what to expect. I’m making the goal list slim because I have next to zero experience with LLMs. It can’t be too difficult, right? Whatever happens, this’ll be a good learning experience.
