---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.3: AI Implementation
date: June 29, 2025
summary: I integrated an LLM into Unity for this update (as well as started multiple side projects, including a rudimentary video site). This was the first titled devlog.
---

__Simulation Devlog v0.3: AI Implementation__

I’m titling the devlog updates now.

I was able to complete my tasks for the week again. First, I took the Teto and Neru models out of the workspace as I said I would, but I did save them in the game storage for preservation purposes (not that there’s much to preserve). I completed my main priority, implementing an AI chatbot into the project, as well. It took a few hours for me to get it to work, and I almost gave up in the middle of the night while working on it, but I persevered. When I’m doing computer stuff I don’t really understand, I find myself going down rabbit holes to try to patch up issues I leave with every step I make. After a while, I’m so deep into these holes that I give up and try a different solution. The most prevalent example of that this week was when I was trying to get the parsing right for the chatbot. I decided to use ChatGPT’s API as opposed to running a model locally for simplicity, so I needed to get the parsing right or it wouldn’t communicate the messages properly. I used manual parsing, and that didn’t work initially (and I was told it’s bad practice), so I tried to import a library to do it for me, but I wasn’t able to get one to work after a couple hours of trying. Sick of dealing with these libraries, I decided to just go back to manual parsing, and I was able to diagnose the issue by using the console log. Maybe I’ll try out the libraries another time, but for now, I’m just relieved it works.

Also, I used GPT-3.5 because it was the cheapest to run, and damn. I don’t remember that chatbot being so dumb. On the bright side, I get free daily tokens for giving my data to OpenAI (yay, more information for my corporate tech giants), so I probably won’t need to spend any money on the AI. I did have to pay $5 to access the API, though, so I intend on making my money’s worth. I am quite surprised at how cheap the models are to use, though. I’m thinking of other ways I can use them.

Here are my goals for next Sunday, June 6 (it might be June 5 in reality but I’ll go over that when it comes):
- Switch from GPT-3.5 to something more advanced like 4o
- Make the AI act like Miku (right now it’s default ChatGPT)
- Add detection to the AI when giving Miku a leek (so Miku can respond when you give it to her)
- Add another piece of furniture
I might make the adding furniture thing a weekly occurrence. It’s simple, and it slowly fills up the room. Plus, I need a break from the coding.

Oh, and I guess I’ll update on my other projects here, too. My wall digging “game” is finished, and it’s nothing special, but I just wanted to get done with it. I uploaded it to itch.io, and I don’t think it has any downloads, but I wasn’t expecting that, anyway. It was more of a personal project. In terms of new projects, I experimented with a few new things this week. I made a Twitter scraper program that automatically scrolls, grabs the stats of tweets (views, likes, etc.), and puts it all in a spreadsheet. It sucks ass and doesn’t work though. I think Twitter’s API has updated, so the stuff I’m looking for in my program is inoperable, but I’m not sure. My plan was to scrape a bunch of tweet data and see if I could train a chatbot off of that information and deploy it to the site (one of my ideas to spend all those GPT tokens). I’m not sure if I’ll finish it, but I figured I’d mention it. Next, I made a program that automatically grabs a random fact and makes a slide with an image for it every day. In my school friends’ Discord server, I run a “fact of the day” channel, and I got sick of manually making slides for it, so it’s automated now. Finally, I’ve been working on a platform you can upload videos on. I started it a couple days ago, and all I have right now is the ability to upload and add a title and description. I plan on adding more later today. I must say, I like coding a lot more than I originally thought (and that’s coming from someone who’s wanted to be a programmer since 3rd grade).
