---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.4: AI Miku-ication
date: July 5, 2025
summary: The LLM's personality was update to behave like Miku, and work on my video site continued from last week.
---

__Simulation Devlog v0.4: AI Miku-ication__

The first task I completed this week was adding a piece of furniture to the room. I was going to add an image in a portrait, but I was too lazy to add a portrait model, so I just made it a poster. The poster has a picture of my cat, Parker. That’s about it.

Next, I changed the AI model from GPT-3.5 to GPT-4o. I’m still a little uncomfortable giving all my data to tech giants, so I want to bake an AI model into the simulation eventually. In the meantime, I’ll stick to OpenAI’s API because it’s easy to work with. Making the chatbot act like Miku only required a system prompt to send to the GPT telling it to, well, act like Miku. Finally, I was able to make Miku respond to being given a leek by sending a quick prompt when you give it to her. The only place I had trouble with was actually something I implemented last week, which was a bug with the scrollbar. In the text menu with the AI, I noticed this week that the scrollbar didn’t update with the length of the conversation. So, I needed to change some of the scrolling settings in the Unity inspector and change my coding logic a little to update the textbox size whenever a message was sent through. However, it does cut off a little at the top with the first message, so I may need to fix that later. Also, this wasn’t in my plans last week, but I changed the fonts for the song UI and chatbot UI text to be compatible with characters like emojis and kanji. That was easy to implement once I figured out how Unity’s fonts worked.

Since I guess I’m using these devlogs as outlets for my other projects now, I’ll write about other stuff I did this week. I tried a bit of the Pomodoro technique (or in my case, the 52-17 rule), although I wasn’t able to replicate it completely because my laptop overheated and shut down before the timer ended. Speaking of which, my laptop is kind of slow, and it’s annoying. Whenever I make a single change to my code in Unity, I need to wait a minute for the game engine to update and another minute for the game to load upon pressing play. When you compound that across the development process, over half of your time working is spent waiting for your system to keep up. It’s irritating and a waste of time. All said, I want a better computer; unfortunately, they’re expensive. Something that isn’t tremendously slow on my PC is my video website, which updates the instant I reload the page — it’s a blessing. I’ve added a few features to the site this week, including pagination, ratings (out of 7 stars, because likes/dislikes are boring), comments, replies, tags, accounts, followers, themes (currently dark, light, and weed — weed is green), profile page suffixes (instead of “{user}’s Page”, you can choose the suffix so it’s something like “{user}’s Lair”), and profile images (not profile pictures, but an image/gif you can put on your page and drag around anywhere — I like the customization it provides). I also made a custom video container for the website, so it doesn’t use the default HTML one. This will give me more freedom over embedded features later. The video site is definitely my biggest attention drainer right now.

As I’ve mentioned before, I’m going to be gone from July 6–11 for a summer camp. That means I probably won’t be able to write in this journal for that period, the longest hiatus I’ve taken in 3 months (wow). It’s a little disappointing because there’s a lot I want to write about (surprising that I still have crap to say after this long), but breaks have their merits. If I have the time, I may write a little. We’ll see. Until then, I’ll see you around.
