---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.5: AI Responsiveness; ParkerHub Updates v0.1-2
date: July 20, 2025
summary: The AI now responded to user actions (pushing it over and playing music). Work continued on the video site, now given the title ParkerHub (named after my cat).
---

__Simulation Devlog v0.5: AI Responsiveness__

The first thing I added this week was a big-ass fan. Whenever I work on coding projects, I have a fan running next to my laptop to cool it down, so that’s all I could think of as a furniture installation. The fan is bigger than the player, which also reminded me of the big fans from the Paper Mario series. I don’t know what I’ll do with it, but I thought it was funny.

Next, I worked on player interaction with pushing Miku and playing music. This was especially straightforward since I had the leek script implemented already. However, I had some trouble with the music player because I accidentally updated my old music player script — the one I was meant to remove a few updates ago. I guess I was scared to touch it in case anything depended on it, but that made me lose a few strands of hair wondering why my interaction script wasn’t running. When I diagnosed the issue, it was easy to fix, though. I also updated the UI, which looked weird at first because I was using Unity’s scale tool instead of changing the textbox width and height. This made the text stretch out and look funky. But I fixed that, too.

Here are my plans for next week:
- Add a new piece of furniture
- Store chat history in the AI’s memory (I realized in this development session that the AI didn’t store message history, which I thought was a funny oversight)
- Start working on VR implementation
Am I not pushing myself enough with these plans? They seem to get smaller every week. I’m keeping this list short, though, because of the last bullet point. I have no clue how long getting this thing to work in VR is gonna take. I’ve been developing it on my desktop only — VR is probably a completely different beast. Ideally, I’ll have some sort of port to VR by the end of the week. I own a Meta Quest 2, which I think is customizable for personal development projects? I don’t know. It’ll give good experience nevertheless.

Also, about keeping my plans relatively modest, I only have ~1 day allotted per week to work on this project. And it’s usually on a day I tutor, too, so my work gets cut in two by a 1+ hour long session. If I need more time, I can push into other days of my schedule, but it’s not preferable because there are other things I want to do. Most of my time is currently scheduled to work on college essays/applications (bleh) and my video website, ParkerHub. I hope I can knock out the college stuff early, but there’s a lot I need to write. And I’ll have even less free time for projects once school starts. But now I’m getting myself worked up over stuff that isn’t happening yet. Today’s my break, and I’m going to start making a “history of Nintendo” presentation for school. It’s a side project I’ve wanted to work on for a while, and it’s purely optional. I was inspired to make it after seeing an inaccurate “history of game and video” presentation at my school (they called the Wii a flop and spewed so much more misinformation, but I digress).

__ParkerHub Updates v0.1–2__

Anyway, I also got quite a bit of work done on ParkerHub this week. And look at that, I’m giving it its own entry title instead of bundling it with the simulation stuff. Honestly, my mind is hazy surrounding the timeline of this project, so I might forget some things I added, thinking I implemented them weeks prior.

The first thing I can think of adding is an independent page for uploading videos. Beforehand, you uploaded on the homepage, but that was a little disorganized, so I got rid of that. I also added the ability to like and dislike comments and replies. Then, I created a button to donate money to me, but it doesn’t work yet because I haven’t set up an account with whatever provider I was using (I forgot). I need my Social Security Number for that, which has been annoying to handle because my mom is suspicious of why I need it, even though I explained it to her.

On top of everything else, I added a report system and an admin dashboard for offensive content. Admins are also able to delete other people’s videos and comments. I figure it’s best to implement these precautions before someone does something junky. I also made the site a little more secure, preventing vulnerabilities like HTML injections and impersonating admins using page cookies. The security crap is annoying to implement, but it’s necessary.

I also added a notifications page that updates when someone replies to your comment. I’ll expand it later by including video uploads, likes, and other fun stuff.

I almost forgot — I got a server and domain for ParkerHub that runs 24/7. It’s run for free using Render, which is a service that hosts your site. Because it’s free, it’ll probably be slow as I try to expand, and it goes to sleep after a while of inactivity. But for sharing the site temporarily, it beats hosting locally on my laptop. This hunk of circuits has seen better days. I also created a Discord server for the site, and a few of my friends have joined it. It’s nothing substantial yet. I don’t want to get the word out too fast because the site (and I) is not ready for that.

I don’t have plans set in stone for this site, unlike the simulation project, but next week I want to convert my code to use Jinja2 instead of raw HTML. I also want to make it modular because it’s all stacked in one main.py file currently. I’m not looking forward to it, but it’ll save a lot of time in the long run. Also, it’ll be more secure; if I miss one HTML escape in my current format, I could be screwed, but Jinja2 handles that for you, I think. Another really big prioritization is storage. I’m storing all my video and user metadata in JSON files. As it turns out, that’s not sustainable for larger sites. I want to start using a cloud storage site to fix that (and because Render deletes everything saved to the site once it stops running).
