---
title: Simulation Devlog v0.6: The Nothingburger; ParkerHub Update v0.2.5
date: July 27, 2025
summary: This was a rough, transitory week. I struggled to implement VR capabilities into The Simulation due to resource constraints, and ParkerHub was unusable because it was its codebase was in the middle of being restructred. Work also began on a "smart" MP3 player.
---

__Simulation Devlog v0.6: The Nothingburger__

Hahaha I forgot I had to write a devlog today. This will be quick.

The piece of furniture I decided to add was a table lamp. It doesn’t actually emit light (maybe it should now that I think about it), but it’s there. Does that even count as furniture? Whatever. It’s in the project now. I also cured Miku’s short-term memory loss by implementing a chat history. I think she can remember up to 20 messages right now.

Most of my time was spent porting the game to VR. I had to change the camera and movement system. That’s about it. Most of my time was spent waiting for Unity packages to install. We’re lucky this devlog is even getting delivered on time because good grief those things take an eternity. And after all that, guess what? I can’t test it in VR. I don’t have a USB cable to connect my headset to my laptop, so I can’t even port the project over. So hopefully it works lol.

I don’t really have specific goals for next week. I’ve been getting kind of sick of Unity because it takes so damn long to load, so I don’t plan on changing the Unity project for the foreseeable future. I don’t like tinkering with the models and UI crap anyway; I’m a code guy. What am I going to do, then? I already talked about this, but I’m going to focus on the AI component. I want to create an emotionally immersive chatbot that grows with you over years. The technology exists to make it happen, I believe it. So I’ll designate a day to work on that and see where it gets me.

__ParkerHub Update v0.2.5__

ParkerHub is not in a usable state right now, which is why this is only half a version. I modulated all my code and converted the raw HTML to be Jinja2 compatible. Honestly, I wasn’t looking forward to it, but it was kind of enjoyable. The day I implemented those changes felt quite productive. The reason it’s unusable, though, is because I’m in the middle of another transitory process. I’m still working on converting the metadata system to not rely on JSON files. I wanted to finish that this week, but I didn’t have time because of school work and college essays. I shouldn’t have any school work next week, though, so I’ll have an extra day to work on the site.

__Extra Projects v0.who.cares__

Hey, it’s me again. I forgot to mention one other thing I did this week. I made an MP3 player that weights songs based on when you last heard them. You can also “like” or “dislike” songs to make them appear more or less in your list. I’m using the player right now, actually. I plan on expanding it in the future. It was a little project I wanted to do because I listen to my music in MP3s and wanted more control than Windows’s Media Player offers. I’m going to go enjoy my break day now.
